oh there goes the cop can I fetch on the
beat
turn the headphones up Valley here we go
there you guys this the cop I got my own
what's good everyone it's George outside
the archives in South Florida
grand opening September 14th we're gonna
have a private event that that Friday
and then throughout the whole weekend
we're gonna be doing a lot of different
things so make sure to stay tuned to my
Twitter and my youtube channel and
everything like that
also the info to the stories down below
so make sure to check it out today I'm
here to show you guys the my life indie
sitting this right it's either
dead on life since the redness is what
do you mean that you think you
but my love when I was innocent now what
the is something that you're next
like a box that we saw come out a few
months ago black white jump in Jordan's
thumbprint on the side like jumping
around the back see the label there
Jordan seven retro these retail for 160
dollars and released this Saturday came
out retro too few times since the
original release in 1992 both material
changes slightly and also color changes
originally in 1992 very summit of this
then in 2002 they ret road for the first
time then we saw a similar color way
also in the pack in 2009 just some
switch ups on the gray some people call
them the charcoals rather than the
Raptors starting with the outsole in my
opinion the best part about this release
on the material is it really there for
me
don't call the way we have red orange
purple black see the jump in on the heel
midsole saying colors carried throughout
we have the purple and the red with the
map like midsole
it's a pretty simple shoe material-wise
it's all the same throughout the whole
entire upper all the black nubuck if you
want to come close you can see the
details in there
we have a red embroidered Jumpman right
there up by the ankle
around in the back we have that same tab
in purple that we've seen on all the
seven red 23 and then the black behind
it
black tongue on the top we have shades
of gray and also red Jordan Air Jordan
return black laces likely sticks with
Jumpman Jumpman on it now to get inside
the shoe the booty is black nice black
booty really nice black booty and we
also have red in there black insole and
a red Jumpman that's like booty
anyways
so I'll give you guys another quick look
at the shoe
to be honest I'm slightly disappointed
with the release I thought I wish the
material quality was a little bit better
it's definitely a soft feel but um the
light that outlines the material cut is
it really my favorite Bilodeau colorway
and I'm sure a lot of you will be copy
let me know shoot me a comment or
something general anyways thanks again
for watching make sure to stay tuned the
archives coming shows except before
my life in these fittings this
right it's either that I life sitting
since I'm ready just what do you mean I
use it yeah